# Food-Quality-Prediction
Supervised Machine Learning has lately proved to be one of the most prominent and efficiently improving methods comprising of several solid techniques and algorithms for the classification, manipulation, and reorganization of databases using the concepts of recursive learning. It has provided a strong support for predicting the features and highlighting the qualities of several consumable and non-consumable products alike. Eventually, the ever dropping vulnerability and the sudden increment in the sophistication levels in the minds of the consumer has made it inevitable to proceed with the process of food distribution supply prior to having their quality standards met by all means. Through this paper and the subsequent proposed work, the aim is to predict the qualities of certain consumer food products using the supervised machine learning approach as the basis for the classification purposes. The classifier algorithms that have been chosen to work with here include the Decision Tree, the Naïve Bayes (Bernoulli), and the Logistic Regression classifiers whose models were trained and preprocessed based on the data-sets obtained from the Kaggle repositories. The methodology that has been implemented for the execution of the proposition is to categorize the food products into ‘good quality’ and/or ‘poor quality’ by passing their respective individual features through the trained models whose accuracy percentages were finally evaluated by comparing the predicted outcomes with the actual ones for all the products individually. The entirety of the pre-processing implementation and the outcome prediction process was formulated using the Scikit-learn package embedded in the Python programming language. The resulting outcomes i.e. (the accuracy and the error proportions) were analyzed using the ROC static tool curves that were demonstrated figuratively for each of the food products and also implemented using each of the classification algorithms aforementioned. The conclusions drawn through the results obtained during the research work vividly portray the likelihood of making use of one particularly specific classifier’s approach over the others. In this paper, it was learned as to how the Logistic Regression approach significantly outperforms the rest of the algorithms and provides the most accurate output results the majority of times when implemented on the data-sets of several varying food products individually. 
